Which of the following is NOT examples of ad placement options for ads created on Ads Manager?|Profile
Which type of major ad placement places your ads on Facebook and Facebook Marketplace if someone searches something related to your product?|Search
Which part of the total value ad auction equation covers feedback from people that view or hide your ad, as well as findings of "low-quality" attributes such as sensationalized language, engagement bait, and more?|Ad Quality
Let's say two skateboard companies are competing in an auction to show one person, named Daniel, an ad. Daniel lives in Denver, Colorado. Company One targeted people who like skateboarding who live near the Rocky Mountains in Colorado. Company Two is targeting all men who like to skateboard in the United States. Company Two budgeted way more money than Company One for ads. Which part of their Total Value score will this boost?|Estimated Action Rate
Which of the following ad account sections is necessary for you to fill in for legal reasons, as there may be restrictions on certain types of advertising in your region?|Business Information and Advertising Purpose
True or False? If you have a Facebook profile or an Instagram account, you automatically also have an Ads Manager account.|True
Which of the following is not something you define when thinking about ad sets?|objective
In which major section of Ads Manager (found in the top navigation bar) would you prepare mockup ad campaigns?|Advertise
True or False? Ads Manager's Creative Hub lets you prepare mockup ad campaigns without actually running them.|True
Which of the following are examples of ad placement options for ads created on Ads Manager? (Choose all that apply)|Feed$In-Stream$Search
Which type of major ad placement places your ads before, during, or after video content?|In-Stream
Which part of the Meta total value ad auction equation tells you how much an advertiser is willing to pay to achieve their desired outcome?|Advertiser Bid
Let's say two skateboard companies are competing in an auction to show one person, named Daniel, an ad. Daniel lives in the mountains and loves hiking, snowboarding, and skateboarding. Company One targeted people who like skateboarding who live near the mountains in a few U.S. states. Company Two is targeting all men who like to skateboard in the U.S. Daniel clicked "Shop Now!" on a lot of mountain-themed skate merchandise ads in the past. Which part of Company One's Total Value score will this boost?|Estimated Action Rate
Which of the following ad account sections is it necessary for you to fill in for legal reasons, as there may be restrictions on certain types of advertising in your region?|Business Information and Advertising Purpose
True or False? When you change your currency or time zone, you will NOT create a new ad account—instead, your current account will be altered.|False
Which of the following is NOT something you define when thinking about ad sets?|Objective
In what Ads Manager business tool category would you find tools to learn more about why Meta might have rejected your ad?|Manage Business
True or False? Ads Manager's Engage Customers section is where you can create a "catalog" of all your products.|False
Which of the following are examples of ad placement options for ads created on Ads Manager? (Choose all that apply)|Stories$In-Article
Which part of the Meta total value ad auction equation tells you the numerical score Meta assigns to an ad through the auction?|Total Value
Let's say two skateboard companies are competing in an auction to show one person, named Daniel, an ad. Daniel lives in the mountains and loves hiking, snowboarding, and skateboarding. Company One targeted people who like skateboarding who live near the mountains in a few U.S. states. Company Two is targeting all men who like to skateboard in the U.S. Daniel has liked lots of posts on Facebook to do with the mountain sports near him. Which part of Company One's Total Value score will this boost?|Ad Quality
Which of the following ad account settings helps you control your total ad costs and will pause your ads after a certain spending limit is reached?|Account Spending Limit
True or False? Clicking the "gear" icon in the bottom corner of Ads Manager's left sidebar will bring you to the Settings menu.|True
In what Ads Manager business tool category would you find tools to prepare mockup ad campaigns?|Advertise
Which of the following is NOT an example of an ad placement option for ads created on Ads Manager?|Profile
Which type of major ad placement places your ads in some articles on the Facebook mobile app?|In-Article
Let's say two skateboard companies are competing in an auction to show one person, named Daniel, an ad. Daniel lives in the mountains and loves hiking, snowboarding, and skateboarding. Company One targeted people who like skateboarding who live near the mountains in a few U.S. states. Company Two is targeting all men who like to skateboard in the U.S. Company Two budgeted way more money than Company One for ads. Which part of their Total Value score will this boost?|Advertiser Bid
Which part of your ad account does Meta automatically set based on your profile location?|Currency and Time Zone
What is the structure of a Meta ad campaign?|Campaign --> ad set --> ad
True or False? Ads Manager's Advertise section lets you access Audience Insights, get deeper analytics about how people interact with your business.|False
For an ad to be effective its five core elements must work together and match. Which of the following statements reflect the 5 core elements of effective ads? (Select all that apply)|There should be a clear call-to-action that expresses what you want your target audience to do next.$The messaging has to be right for the target audience$Your ad should promise something to customers and offer a kind of deal to entice them to visit your website.
Which of the following shows the correct order of actions you need to take at the ad level?|Choose format → add photos and videos → write copy → define destination
Which part of the Meta total value ad auction equation covers feedback from people that view or hide your ad, as well as findings of "low-quality" attributes such as sensationalized language, engagement bait, and more?|Ad Quality
What is the third step in the campaign-creation process in Ads Manager?|Select where ads will be seen through placements
