A video that conveys your message and tells a story is referred to as which component of a social media ad?|Creative
You're running ads for a nonprofit dedicated to ocean conservation and you want your target audience to educate themselves about your work. Which of the following Facebook Call to Action buttons would be most appropriate for your ad?|Learn More
You're creating an ad for a boutique smartphone case company called Case. The target audience is design-conscious people aged 21-39, with an interest in modern art and minimalist home decor. Your ad creative is a video of four well-dressed 20s-somethings laughing over coffee, with their Case-covered phones placed on the table. Your copy reads: "You're stylish—shouldn't your phone be, too?" Your CTA says "Book Now" Which part of the ad is ineffective?|CTA
True or false? Image ads are some of the most common ads that appear on social media, incorporating an eye-catching photo, overlaid with little-to-no text on the image itself.|True
Brady is looking to advertise a new job opening at his company and is not having much luck on traditional job posting sites. To expedite the process and better target ideal candidates, he decides to run an ad. Which of the following ad types would best suit his advertising needs?|Sponsored InMail ads on LinkedIn
True or false? Your promoted post will not appear alongside other posts and stories and look almost like an organic post.|False
You are noticing that the number of people who view your Facebook posts is declining. What would be a good course of action to entice new viewers to your page?|Invest in paid advertising on Facebook
True or false? Social media ads are very accessible and allow you to create your own campaigns.|True
True or false? A post is "organic" when it is posted from your account and spreads from people who engage with your content to their friends without having to pay.|True
For an ad to be effective its five core elements must work together and match. Which of the following statements reflect the 5 core elements of effective ads? (Select all that apply)|There should be a clear call-to-action that expresses what you want your target audience to do next.$Your ad should promise something to customers and offer a kind of deal to entice them to visit your website.$The messaging has to be right for the target audience
The section where you write clearly and concisely what you want people to understand and remember about your offering is which component of a social media ad?|Copy!
You're running ads for a company that creates and sells art through a webshop. Which of the following Facebook Call to Action buttons should you use to get people to purchase a piece of art?|Shop Now
You're creating an ad for a boutique smartphone case company called Case. Your target audience is design-conscious people aged 21-39 with an interest in modern art and minimalist home decor. Your ad creative is a photo of four well-dressed 20s-somethings laughing over coffee, with their Case-covered phones placed on the table. Your copy reads: "These Cases are like War Bonds—An Investment That'll Last Forever!" Your CTA says "Shop Now!" Which part of the ad is ineffective?|Copy
True or false? If you're advertising on a platform like Pinterest that doesn't offer Call-to-Action buttons, you can't include a CTA in your ad.|False
When running an ad on Facebook, you can choose to have your ad shown in which of the following locations? (Select all that apply)|Instagram Stories$Facebook Messenger$Facebook feed
When choosing platforms for your paid campaign you want to consider which of the following? (Select all that apply)|Your target audience$How much you can spend$The type of content you are sharing$The type of ad you are buying
Which of the following are ways that you can advertise on Twitter? (Choose all that apply)|Sponsor a trending hashtag$A traditional "in-feed" ad$Promote your Twitter account
While scrolling on your Instagram feed, you encounter what looks to be a sponsored post for a skincare product on a beauty influencer's page. Which required details of the post let you know that it's sponsored? (Select all that apply)|There's a "sponsored" label that lets you know the post is sponsored$The influencer stated in the post's caption that it is sponsored
True or False: Paid ads are guaranteed to be displayed in the feeds of your target audience.|True
Twitter's Card ad formats are specific image or video ads that drive users to take a certain action. Which of the following formats do Card ads come in? (Select all that apply)|App Card$Website Card
You're running ads for a business that designs tailor-made dresses and operates primarily through consultations. Which of the following Facebook Call to Action buttons should you use if you want people to sign up for a consultation?|Book Now
Alexa owns a nail salon and wants to incorporate multiple before and after images into an ad campaign on Facebook showcasing her salon's work. Which of the following ad types would best suit her needs?|Carousel Ad
Effective social media ads should always include which of the following? (Select all that apply)|A clear offer$A corresponding destination (often a landing page)$A Call-to-Action
Which of the following statements is true in regards to how paid advertising may benefit a business? (Select all that apply)|Paid advertising can help you reach a specific audience that you may not be reaching already with your organic social media efforts.$Paid advertising can help you increase your follower count.$Paid advertising can help you market your business' goods and services.
What are ads you create directly from organic posts already on your Facebook page called?|Boosted Posts
For an ad to be effective its five core elements must work together and match. Which of the following statements reflect the 5 core elements of effective ads? (Select all that apply)|Your ad should promise something to customers and offer a kind of deal to entice them to visit your website.$The messaging has to be right for the target audience$There should be a clear call-to-action that expresses what you want your target audience to do next.
True or false? People read ads on their mobile screens beginning to end, so your Facebook ad copy should be as long and detailed as possible.|False
Which of the following statements is true in regards to how paid advertising may benefit a business? (Select all that apply)|Paid advertising can help you increase your follower count.$Paid advertising can help you market your business' goods and services.$Paid advertising can help you reach a specific audience that you may not be reaching already with your organic social media efforts.
Which of the following are ad formats offered to users for purchase on Youtube? (Select all that apply)|Overlay ad$Video ad$Display ad
For an ad to be effective its five core elements must work together and match. Which of the following statements reflect the 5 core elements of effective ads? (Select all that apply)|There should be a clear call-to-action that expresses what you want your target audience to do next.$The messaging has to be right for the target audience$Your ad should promise something to customers and offer a kind of deal to entice them to visit your website.