As a business owner, you'd like to set up a presence on a social media platform where you can post videos and images as well as update customers on upcoming sales, new products, and events. Which of the following would be an ideal platform?|Facebook
True or false? Youtube is a platform designed for texting, calling, and sharing.|False
The most powerful targeted advertising tool in social media marketing is:|Meta Ads Manager
On Twitter, you can purchase advertising packages for which kinds of accounts? (Select all that apply)|Business accounts$Personal accounts
You created a dance sequence and want to share your moves and encourage others to participate in a hashtag challenge such as #DiscoDanceChallenge. Which of the following would be an ideal platform?|TikTok
Which of the following is a free messaging app you can use to message your friends and family using internet connection while avoiding SMS fees or charges?|WhatsApp
You recently finished making a new batch of affordable earrings and want to promote your brand and products. Your target audience is teenagers from ages 13-17. On which platform should you make an account?|Instagram
As a business owner, you'd like to set up a presence on a text-based social media platform where you can engage with real-time updates, follow niche interests, and provide real-time customer service on a personal level. Which of the following would be an ideal platform?|Twitter
Meta shares its targeted advertising software and data corpus with which of the following two platforms, in addition to Facebook, which it owns? Choose all that apply.|Instagram$WhatsApp
Which major social media platform has the same unified profile for individuals and brands alike?|Twitter
Which feature on Instagram can you use if you want to upload a video longer than 60 seconds?|Instagram Video
As a business owner, you'd like to set up a presence on a social media platform where you can network with others in your industry, post news and accomplishments and find potential team members to fill open roles. Which of the following would be an ideal platform?|Linkedin
True or false? Youtube is a platform designed for sharing video content.|True
Meta Ads Manager allows companies to do which of the following when creating an ad?|All of the above
On Twitter, you can purchase advertising packages for which kinds of accounts? (Select all that apply)|Personal accounts$Business accounts
True or False: You have to have an account to get started using TikTok.|False
Meta shares its targeted advertising software and data corpus with which of the following two platforms, in addition to Facebook, which it owns? Choose all that apply.|WhatsApp$Instagram
True or False: Twitter is one of the only social media platforms that has the same unified profile for individuals and brands alike.|True
On which video social media platform can you find short form videos of 15 and 60 seconds?|TikTok
You recently finished making a new batch of affordable earrings and want to promote your brand and products. Your target audience is teenagers from ages 13-17. On which platform should you make an account?|Instagram
Which social media platform has a powerful tool called Ads Manager that allows companies to create a specific and targeted ad campaign?|Facebook
Which of the following can you do on Messenger? Select all that apply.|Play games with friends$Share photos and videos
True or False: Businesses can use stickers on Instagram stories to encourage viewers to engage directly with the business.|True
