An ad agency submits a creative brief to you. It looks almost complete, but it's missing the single most important benefit of your offer for your target audience. Which creative brief element is missing?|Key benefit
You need someone to create the visual assets for your campaigns. You're looking to hire a:|Designer
Which part of your creative brief describes what you're trying to promote or sell?|Offer
True or false? Copywriting and email marketing are effectively the same job, as they both involve text-based communication with customers.|False
You're writing a creative brief and need to cover other companies in your field that target your same target audience. Which of the following items should you include information about in your creative brief?|Competitors
Which of the following are good tips to keep in mind when shooting a picture for your ad campaign? (Choose all that apply)|Keep it simple$Use attractive color combinations$Follow the Rule of Thirds
True or false? You typically don't need to ask users for their permission before you take their images and use them as visuals in your ad.|False
Lisa is writing copy for an ad she plans to run on Facebook to promote her stationery shop. She's beginning to organize her copy, starting with creating an interesting and engaging opening to draw new customers in. What should she look to accomplish in the opening? (Select all that apply)|She should pique the curiosity of her audience with feelings or logic$She should call out her audience$She addresses a pain point felt by her audience regarding cheap or cookie cutter greeting cards and stationery
Wes is the owner of a spa and massage center called OASIS. He wants to convey to potential customers the mental and physical benefits of his massage and spa offerings, as well as the accessibility of his business. Which of the following tips should he follow to appropriately get his message across? (Select all that apply)|Mention price or special offers for spa treatments and massages$Use customer reviews to support claims about physical and mental health benefits
An ad agency submits a creative brief to you. It looks almost complete, but it's missing a project timeline, deadlines, a budget, and who will approve the final work. Which creative brief element is missing?|Logistics
You need someone to produce all the written materials that represent a brand. You're looking to hire a:|Copywriter
You're writing a creative brief for your company and want to share information to make your offer more credible and trustworthy. What is the name for this component of a creative brief?|Proof points
Freelancers who commit to a certain amount of work and payment on a monthly basis are paid a:|Retainer
Which of the following are good tips to keep in mind when shooting a picture for your ad campaign? (Choose all that apply)|Use attractive color combinations$Keep it simple$Follow the Rule of Thirds
You should organize the copy of your ad into three parts. Which of the following is NOT one of those three parts?|Conclusion
Which of the following are good things to keep in mind when copywriting? (Choose all that apply)|Tie your text to your visual$Be recognizable
You need someone to track, analyze, and report on marketing campaigns to evaluate their success and determine best practices. You're looking to hire a:|Marketing Analyst
A concise statement of what you want to accomplish in your target market is which part of a creative brief?|Objective
Your ad objective or goal is to bring people to your online store and ultimately sell them your product. Which KPI will be most important for you to measure?|ROAS (Return on Ad Spend)
True or false? Your objective determines your Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).|True
True or false? Once you have grabbed your audience's attention with your opening and made them aware of the problem you are solving, it's time for your call to action.|False
Which of the following are good things to keep in mind when copywriting? (Choose all that apply)|Be recognizable$Tie your text to your visual
An ad agency submits a creative brief to you. It looks almost complete, but it's missing a description of who you want to engage and influence. Which creative brief element is missing?|Target audience
True or false? Emojis can be an effective way to grab their attention and communicate in a casual way.|True
Which of the following are good tips to keep in mind when shooting a picture for your ad campaign? (Choose all that apply)|Follow the Rule of Thirds$Keep it simple$Use attractive color combinations
