Which ad campaign objective group (and customer journey stage) includes objectives that get people to consider, seek information about, and engage with your product or service?|Consideration
A retailer is opening a new store and wants to optimize towards generating more physical store visits to that location to claim exclusive offers. Which objective should the retailer apply?|Awareness
Which feature in Ads Manager allows Meta to dynamically assign budget to ad sets based on their performance, therefore maximizing your spending efficiency?|Advantage campaign budget
Let's say you have an expected revenue of $100,000. With the Rule of Thirds in mind, what should your upper limit for advertising spending be in dollars?|33,333
Which bid strategy limits what Meta can bid in every single auction?|Bid Cap
Which bid strategy is best for maximizing the number of outcomes for your budget, while keeping the average cost per outcome below a certain amount?|Cost per Result Goal
If you're doing a split-test, which variable should you change to test whether it's more effective to optimize for impressions, leads, link clicks, or other options. ?|Delivery Optimization
Which variable in a split test compares automatic placements with specifically chosen ad placements?|Placement
Which Meta ad campaign objective group (and customer journey stage) includes objectives to create initial awareness of your brand?|Awareness
A nonprofit is creating a newsletter and wants to optimize towards collecting email addresses to send it to. Which objective should the nonprofit apply?|Leads
Let's say you sell bike chains, which each cost $200. You have a revenue goal of $10,000. You know that one out of every 100 customers who visits your page buys one bike chain. How many people exactly need to visit your page for you to meet your projected revenue goal?|5,000
If you're doing a split-test, which variable should you change to compare how effective your ads are at reaching different demographics?|Audience
Which variable in a split compares how your ad performs with a video asset versus an image carousel, or with any other differentiation in ad-level adjustments?|Creative
Let's say you're trying to achieve a marketing goal for app downloads. You want 40,000 people to download the app, which costs $1 per download. You make $0.50 in profits per download. What's the maximum amount in dollars you can spend on advertising without losing money?|20,000
Wes is the owner of a spa and massage center called OASIS. He wants to convey to potential customers the mental and physical benefits of his massage and spa offerings, as well as the accessibility of his business. Which of the following tips should he follow to appropriately get his message across? (Select all that apply)|Mention price or special offers for spa treatments and massages$Use customer reviews to support claims about physical and mental health benefits
Which objective should be selected to generate sales on a website or app?|Sales
Which type of budget in Ads Manager lets you control how much money you spend on each ad set?|Ad Set budget
Which bid strategy tells Meta to bid with the goal of getting you the lowest possible cost per desired action, while also spending your entire budget by the end of the campaign?|Highest Volume
Which bid strategy does Meta recommend you select in Ads Manager?|Highest Volume
Which variable in a split test compares how effective your ads are at reaching different audiences or demographics?|Audience
What type of budget tells Facebook how much you’re willing to spend over the entire runtime of your campaign?|Lifetime budget
If you're doing a split-test, which variable should you change if you want to see whether one image-text combination gets more leads than another?|Creative
Which bid strategy allows you to set the average amount you’re willing to pay for a desired outcome, like a conversion on your website?|Cost per Result Goal
