Imagine you work in the marketing department of a large electronics company. You are planning to set up a new conversion campaign on Facebook focused on generating online sales for computer monitors. Your manager asks you to make sure you can report on the effectiveness of your campaign once the campaign is completed. The first section of the Brand Survey Test focuses on the test details. What are your options for what you can test? (Select all that apply)|You can test the effect of a group of campaigns.$You can test a specific campaign.
How might a Brand Survey Test on the Facebook platform help an advertiser?|It shows the incremental lift in ad recall caused by a brand awareness focused campaign, thus helping to evaluate the effectiveness of that campaign
When you use an experiment to test the effectiveness of your advertising campaign, what do we mean when we refer to the treatment or test group?|The group of people that may have been exposed to your ad
True or false? A well designed experiment requires that people in the test are randomly assigned to the test or the control group.|True
True or false? The 'control group' is the group in the experiment that will be exposed to the treatment.|False
The Meta pixel can track conversions made on what platform?|Website
A campaign's incremental impact is...|Any difference between the groups is likely to have been caused by the ad or campaign.
What is the difference between a Holdout Test and a Brand Survey Test on Meta?|A Holdout Test measures the effect of your ads on conversions, whereas a Brand Survey Test measures the effect of your ads on ad recall and other brand related metrics measured through the use of a survey
Imagine you ran a Holdout Test for your Facebook campaign and you find the following information in the report of the results: Conversion lift percent: 15.2% Conversion Lift: 2,155 Sales Lift: $88,100 Based on this information, which of the following is correct?|Your Facebook ads caused 2,155 additional conversions to occur that wouldn't have happened otherwise
True or false? If the confidence level for your test isn't very high, stop running your test for a bit longer and decrease your advertising budget to see a bigger effect.|False
The core of your Brand Survey Test is:|Creating your poll questions
True or false? Meta suggests that in order to run a successful test, you should at least spend about $30,000 on advertising in the campaigns you are testing.|True
Which of the following are elements of an experimental design?|Treatment Group$Control Group$Treatment Variable
The one aspect of an experiment you change between the treatment group and the control group is called the:|Treatment
Imagine you want to track customer actions taken on your company's app. Which Meta tool would be most helpful?|The Meta SDK
A campaign's incremental impact is...|Conversions or sales created by an ad campaign.
Imagine you ran a Brand Survey test for your campaign on Facebook and it is clear from the report that the confidence level for your test is low. In fact, it says in your report: "the chance that your Facebook ads caused brand lift of 63.2%". You would like to see a higher confidence level. What could you do?|Keep running the campaign and increase the test period and the ad budget
You want to run an experiment for your company's advertising campaign. When designing your experiment, you randomly assign people to a control group and a treatment group. Studies that use this type of experiment are referred to as:|Randomized Control Trials (RCTs)
What does it mean when Meta says it uses Intention to Treat (ITT) in advertising effectiveness tests?|It means that people who are part of the test (or treatment) group in an experiment will remain in that group, even if they ended up not seeing the ad that was intended for them in the test
You run the marketing for a high end clothing retailer and recently ran a holdout test for your company's Facebook ad campaigns. In Meta Ads Manager, you look at your overview and observe how many additional conversions happened as a result of your ad. This is called the:|Conversion Lift
Imagine you work in the marketing department of a large electronics company. You are planning to set up a new conversion campaign on Facebook focused on generating online sales for computer monitors. Your manager asks you to make sure you can report on the effectiveness of your campaign once the campaign is completed. How do you make sure you can fulfill her requirements?|By setting up a Holdout Test before the campaign starts running
Why is it important to randomly assign people to the control or the treatment group in an experiment?|It helps to minimize the effect of external variables outside of your control on the results
What do we mean by 'control group' in an experiment?|The group that won't be exposed to the treatment
Imagine you run an online furniture store and want to see results or actions people took in-store, over-the-phone as part of Ads Manager reports and use this information in experiments like Holdout Tests. Which Meta tool would be most helpful?|Offline Conversions
What is an acceptable confidence level for your test?|90% and above
True or false: A Holdout Test uses a test and a control group and a Brand Survey test does not.|False
Imagine you ran a Brand Survey test for your campaign on Facebook and it is clear from the report that the confidence level for your test is low. In fact, it says in your report: "the chance that your Facebook ads caused brand lift of 63.2%". You would like to see a higher confidence level. What could you do?|Keep running the campaign and increase the test period and the ad budget
True or false? If you want to run an experiment to test your advertising effectiveness, you have to plan it before you create and run your advertising campaign.|True
You run the marketing for a high end clothing retailer and recently run a brand survey test for your company's Facebook ad campaigns. Your results consist of which of the following? (Select all of the following)|Brand lift percentage$Cost per brand lift$Brand lift$Confidence level of results
