Which social media scheduler has a built-in chatbot creator?|Sprout Social
What elements should you include on your content calendar?|All of the above
What is the first thing to be done when starting to storyboard?|Determine your engagement goal (i.e. educate, increase traffic, make a sale, etc.)
You run a camera-rental company and Marge posts on your Linkedin page that her rented DSLR camera had a cracked lens. Her comment reads: "I went on vacation with my husband and all our anniversary photos have a big crack! Your camera is tearing us apart!" How do you respond?|"Hey Marge—we're sorry to hear that. That's not in line with our standards, and we'll DM you now to talk about this and give you a free rental as well."
Which role for managing your Facebook page is the lowest class of permissioning and has access to audience data?|Analyst
Joseph has a piano tutoring business and holds lessons for his students at his studio most days during the week. He likes to post videos of his student's progress and playing tips to his Facebook page for his followers. He has plenty of videos and content to be posted, but has trouble remembering to post. When he does post, engagement is inconsistent. Which of the following tips should he apply to his social media strategy to better manage his page?|To help with scheduling posts, Joseph should look into using publishing tools.
True or False: When responding to customer comments, it is important to take any issues and criticism of the brand out of the public sphere and address customers in private messages.|True
Which of the following can be considered organic content? (Select all that apply)|Calla and Ivy share their "customer of the week" in a tweet$A behind the scenes video of the pets at Inu & Neko on Tiktok
True or False: When using audience analytics software, the number of "Impressions" tells you how many times they've clicked your post to further engage with it, while the number of "Clicks" tracks the number of times your post appears on users' screens.|False
Which social media platform has the shortest post "lifetime"?|Twitter
Calla and Ivy receive a comment from a customer named Amélie on their Facebook page. It reads: "Hey Imra—I loved my bouquet but I think it introduced termites into my home. I need to talk to you." How do you respond?|"Hey Amélie—we're sorry to hear that. That's not in line with our standards, and we'll DM you now to talk about this."
True or False: The best way to create a positive brand impression is by responding to customers' social media comments in a timely and polite manner.|True
True or False: Using Hashtags in your post are a great way to connect with potential customers.|True
Automated chatbots can perform some very specific functions that previously required:|A customer service representative
Which of the following are benefits to having a content calendar for your social media posts? (Select all that apply)|It helps you keep a consistent brand voice$Your team is able to more easily collaborate on posting$Plan content to be posted on days off or holidays when employees aren't working
Which of the following statements are true regarding automated response bots and the specific functions they can take over? (Select all that apply)|Triage customer queries to direct them towards the right people$Answer basic or commonly-asked questions$Respond to customers when your business is closed
True or False: Every social media post must be new, unique content.|False
True or False: Admins have total control of a Facebook page and are the only class that can assign and change others' roles.|True
Which of the following are part of the "Five Steps to Build Your Social Media Following"? (Select all that apply)|Create an advertising campaign$Invite your friends and family to follow your page$Hire influencers to advertise for you
Which softwares below are social media schedulers you can use to manage and moderate your posts?|Buffer$Hootsuite$Sprout Social
Which of the following are some benefits of storyboarding? (Select all that apply)|Shows your team what you are creating$Helps to visualize content$Creates more polished, professional content
DCB Cleaners receives an accusation of shoddy construction from James on their Facebook page. It reads: "My DCB snack bar fell down! Screw you!" How do you respond?|"Hey James—we're sorry to hear that. That's not in line with our standards, and we'll DM you now to talk about this and send someone your way as soon as possible to fix it."
Which of the following is one of the three main categories of engaging social media content?|Educational posts
Within how many days should a brand respond to social media comments?|1
True or False: Moderators for a Facebook Page can respond to page comments and send messages from the page, as well as post directly to the page.|False
True or False? Instagram only permits you to upload one photo per post.|False
