Which example below best fits the concept of a "target audience"?|A Boston Red Sox fan seeing ads for Red Sox and other Boston sports team apparel
The three audience types you can create in Ads Manager are Custom Audiences, Lookalike Audiences, and _____________?|Core Audiences
An apparel company known for its line of t-shirts and hoodies is trying to boost an accessories line it launched last year, but they can't seem to get it to pick up. They know they have sales, and they know they have visitors to the product page, but they can't connect the two, and retargeting their core audience doesn't seem to be working. They recently installed the Meta Pixel on the website. What are all the events they can now track?|All of the above
A movie theater just opened in New York City. They show classic, foreign, and art-house films, and do theme weeks, film festivals, and actively promote local filmmakers, bringing them in for discussions of their films. You're creating a Core Audience for them. What criteria would you probably choose?|Location: New York City Age: 30-60 Gender: All Detailed Targeting: Filmmaking, Art Film, Movies, Short Films, Documentaries
A music shop wants to start advertising to bring more people in for in-person instrument lessons. They have a big following on Facebook, and a lot of people like, comment on, and share their mini video lessons. They know they can capitalize on that audience somehow, but they're not sure how. What would you tell them?|Create a Custom Audience from viewers of the videos, and target them with advertising for in-person lessons
A commercial baking supply company can't seem to crack the code on their marketing. You've been brought in to help, and wonder if the fact that bakers work overnight is playing a factor in this. You find that Insights tells you that your target audience is on Facebook mostly late evening/early morning, while ads were scheduled during the afternoon/peak hours. Why is this good to know?|It shows that you need to be aware of when your audience is online in order to schedule ads accordingly
A mobile app-based company wants to improve their advertising, and wants to start playing around with Manual Placements to see if that improves their return. Of the four responses below, which would be a good place to start?|Set their ad placements to Mobile only
You've selected "traffic" as your campaign objective in Ads Manager to drive relevant people to your website. What ad delivery optimization option is available for this campaign objective at the ad set level?|Maximize landing page views to target users who are likely to click the link and load the page
You've recently stepped in to run ads for an e-commerce business. They've run just a few ad campaigns, but saw a lot lower actions taken than they thought they would see. They're just not getting enough reach. What would you investigate?|All of the above.
A quick service restaurant client is launching a new delivery service and wants to build awareness of the service to a large number of people. The client wants to launch a campaign that reaches people ages 18-34 who are interested in food and dining. The client has two creatives: a ThruPlay video and a 6-second video. Which objective and placements should the client use?|Awareness objective on Instagram Stories, Instagram feed and Facebook feed
An apparel company known for its line of t-shirts and hoodies is trying to boost an accessories line it launched last year, but they can't seem to get it to pick up. They know they have sales, and they know they have visitors to the product page, but they can't connect the two, and retargeting their core audience doesn't seem to be working. Why would installing the Meta Pixel be a good idea?|The Pixel will allow them to track events customers take — like website visits, start purchases, and completed purchases — so that they can create custom audiences and target audiences for their new product line
A skate park just opened in a suburban town, the biggest of its kind in the Northeast USA. You're creating a Core Audience for them. What criteria would you probably choose?|Location: Northeast USA Age: 18-25 Gender: All Detailed Targeting: Skateboarding, Spots, Extreme Sports, Vans, Thrasher Magazine
A local bookstore has been in a town for thirty years, owned by one family. The daughter is now taking over the business. She has plans to upgrade the store's website and create a social media presence for it. They do have a massive list of customers stored in their internal database from sales tracking and newsletter signups. How could they easily begin targeting their audience online using Ads Manager?|Upload all that customer data to create a Custom Audiences to begin targeting their audience online
As you're setting up your Ad Set options, like audience, placement, and budget, why should you pay attention to the Audience Size dial and the Estimated Daily Results measure?|It will measure in real time an estimated audience size so you can tell if you're setting options that are making it too small or leaving it too big.
Which example below best fits the concept of a "target audience"?|A suburban dad with young kids and a backyard pool seeing an ad in late spring for a new line of inflatable pool toys
A skate park just opened in a suburban town, the biggest of its kind in the Northeast USA: You're creating a Core Audience for them. What criteria would you probably choose?|Location: Northeast USA Age: 18-25 Gender: All Detailed Targeting: Skateboarding, Spots, Extreme Sports, Vans, Thrasher Magazine
A store is just beginning to expand into the online space. The store hasn't had a big social media presence before, but now they are investing heavily into a social media and advertising strategy. How should they think about their ad placements?|Since they don't have much experience with social media, they should set their Ads Placements to Advantage+ Placements to let Meta optimize their ads
What is the primary goal of optimizing for "landing page views" in Ads Manager?|Show your ad to users who are likely to click the link and load the page
When you optimize for "impressions" in Ads Manager, what outcome should you expect?|Your ads are shown as frequently as possible
The three audience types you can create in Ads Manager are Core Audiences, Lookalike Audiences, and _____________?|Custom Audiences
An apparel company known for its line of t-shirts and hoodies is trying to boost an accessories line it launched last year, but they can't seem to get it to pick up. They know they have sales, and they know they have visitors to the product page, but they can't connect the two. Retargeting their core audience doesn't seem to be working. They recently installed the Meta Pixel on the website. What course of action can they now take?|They can track visitors to the accessories webpage, create a custom audience of those visitors, and use the lookalike audience to target new potential customers who fit the characteristics of the niche buying segment
A local ice cream shop has been using an app-based rewards card for years that their customers can scan at check-out. They want to do more advertising around their new flavors, catering, and apparel online, but are not sure how to. What would you tell them?|Create a Custom Audience of people who use the app, and target them with advertising for new ice cream offerings
A quick service restaurant client is launching a new delivery service and wants to build awareness of the service to a large number of people. The client wants to launch a campaign that reaches people ages 18-34 who are interested in food and dining. The client has two creatives: a ThruPlay video and a 6-second video. Which objective and placements should the client use?|Awareness objective on Instagram Stories, Instagram feed and Facebook feed
True or false? Most large online platforms and websites have a data policy, in which they explain what data they receive, what they use it for, and how people can control what they share.|True
The three audience types you can create in Ads Manager are Core Audiences, Custom Audiences, and _____________?|Lookalike Audiences
Often scheduling your ads is very useful, but it could also be harmful. In what way could it be harmful to your campaign?|It limits ad delivery and so you could miss out on conversions outside of your scheduled window
True or False: You must have a Lifetime budget selected in order to set a specific ads schedule (i.e. one with specified days and times).|True
