Imagine you work in the marketing department of a large clothing retailer. You are working on a 'year in review' presentation and you would like to show how your advertising on different platforms (TV, radio, Facebook and Youtube) contributed to sales for the denim line you introduced this year. You step to a market research agency to help you with this. What type of study should they do for you?|They should run a marketing mix modeling study
Imagine you are planning a campaign for a shoe brand on Instagram. You have several images of the shoes you want to promote, but you are not sure which image will work best. After a meeting with your team, you decide to run an A/B test. Version A includes an image of three shoes and a model with the caption "Put your best foot forward. Check out our summer collection." There is a call to action button that says 'order now'. What is the best practice to follow when developing your version B?|Only vary the image creating version B.
Which of the following is correct about a last click attribution model?|It gives all the credit for a conversion to the last ad a user clicked on before converting
True or false? Attribution is mostly used to evaluate the impact of online media channels on a purchase.|True
True or false? Statistical models are not as robust as rule based models and less accurately reflect reality.|False
You are working on a campaign with the objective to drive app downloads. You have created an audience on Facebook for your campaign. But, you also have a list of emails from people who have downloaded an app from you before, and you plan to create a custom audience using that list. Now, you would like to know which audience will be most likely to download your app. The new audience you created, or the custom audience of people who downloaded one of your apps before. Which study could help you?|You can run an A/B test
True or false? A/B tests help you optimize using a test and control group, whereas attribution modeling studies don't.|False
True or false? Historically, advertisers have relied on cookies to connect a sequence of touchpoints to a person.|True
True or false? You would run a marketing mix modeling study to show how your advertising on different platforms contributed to company sales.|True
Imagine you are planning a campaign for scented candles on Instagram. You have several images of the candles you want to promote, but you are not sure which image will work best. After a meeting with your team, you narrowed the choices down to two different images. One is an image of three candles on a dresser, the other one is an image of one candle only. You have already decided which copy will accompany the image. What should you do to help you decide on the right image to use?|Conduct an A/B test as part of the Instagram campaign in which you create two ads that are identical except for the image.
True or false? When you are only testing two variations of one variable, you use an A/B test to determine which version will produce the best results.|True
Which of the following is correct about a time decay attribution model?|It gives credit to touchpoints (clicks or impressions) based on how recently they happened.
In A/B testing in advertising, it's best practice to only change one variable at a time between the version A and B of your ad. Why is that?|When you only vary one variable and leave all other aspects of the different versions of the ad identical, then you will know exactly which variable was responsible for the difference in results
True or false? In statistical or math models you let the data speak and you don't decide on a model ahead of time.|True
True or false? When we want to track advertising effectiveness across the whole customer journey, we do not need to be able to monitor behavior on the different platforms.|False
Which of the following is correct about a positional model?|It gives more credit to first and last touch points whether they are clicks or impressions, while the credit for the remaining touchpoints in the middle is divided equally.
Which of the following statements is true about the accuracy of attribution results?|The accuracy of the attribution results depends on the quality of the data input.
Why may advertisers want to use attribution modeling studies?|Attribution modeling can help advertisers understand how much influence their ads on different platforms had on their result
Both A/B tests and Attribution Modeling studies help you to optimize your advertising, but how do they differ?|A/B tests help you to optimize within a campaign, whereas attribution modeling studies help you to optimize your budget across campaigns across platforms
Which of the following describes some of the most common challenges we face when measuring advertising effectiveness?|It's not always easy to connect data from different platforms and devices. Also, connecting all the advertising touchpoints to one individual user can be challenging
Which of the following describes some of the most common challenges we face when measuring advertising effectiveness?|It's not always easy to connect data from different platforms and devices. Also, connecting all the advertising touchpoints to one individual user can be challenging