True or False: Demographic information such as age, geographic location, and prior purchasing history is a key factor to consider when determining your target audience.|True
Which of the following are stages in the typical customer journey? (Select all that apply)|Advocacy$Conversion$Awareness
Things you should consider when outlining your target audience include which of the following? Select all that apply.|Key demographic data that describes your target audience$Your target audience's interests$Your target audience's needs
Joni recently purchased a new pair of shoes for work and is happy with how comfortable they are. She tells coworkers at her office about them and recommends they look into the brand. In what stage of the customer journey is Joni?|Advocacy
True or False: Depending on the stage a person is in, different types of messages will work better than others.|True
True or False: The customer journey is always equally explicit or linear.|False
True or False: A customer journey refers to the process a user goes through when purchasing a product.|True
Which of the following research tools allows you to view insights about your audience for multiple social media platforms? (Choose all that apply)|Google Analytics$Twitter Business Analytics$Linkedin Audience Insights
True or False: Envy is a stage in the typical customer journey.|False
True or False: When outlining your target audience, you should consider audience needs, interests, and demographic data.|True
After months of thinking about the new laptop she heard about from a friend, Anna finally decides it's time to buy it. In what stage of the customer journey is Anna?|Conversion
Harry was recently promoted at work and wanted to buy himself something to celebrate. He sees a suit in a magazine ad and really wants to buy it. In which stage of the customer journey is Harry?|Desire
True or False: It's possible for a company to have more than one target audience.|True
Which of the following research tools lets you track what industries people are interacting with your business from?|Linkedin Audience Insights
Which of the following is NOT part of the Customer Journey template?|Love: How can I get my customer to feel a deep emotional attachment to my product?
When outlining your target audience, you should consider all of the following except:|Your target audience's eating habits
Leonard receives an email about a new Bluetooth headphone brand. At first he isn't totally interested, but a week later his headphones break and he decides to look into the product's features. In which stage of the customer journey is Leonard?|Interest
True or False: The process of moving people through the customer journey results in what marketers refer to as a marketing funnel.|True
The audience that will typically get most of your attention since you expect them to become your most valuable group of customers is:|Primary target audience
Will just saw an Instagram ad for a sweatshirt claiming to be the comfiest sweatshirt ever. In which stage of the customer journey is Will?|Awareness
Which of the following research tools lets you track what industries people are interacting with your business from?|Linkedin Audience Insights
Social media data that can help you determine your target audience includes which of the following? (Select all that apply)|Page visitors' prior purchasing habits$Page visitors' age$Page visitors' geographic location
What do marketers use to represent the process of moving people through the customer journey?|The marketing funnel
Which of the following research tools lets you track the keywords your followers are searching for, their online posting behavior, and the devices they use?|Twitter Business Analytics
