Please be sure to expand the "Instructions" tab shown above to access the content calendar needed to answer each question. Take a look at Imra's blog post promotions. Which post created the most readership on the website, and why might this have created the most traffic?|The personal story post created a lot of traffic because the personal story created more of a personal connection
Imra has started posting about the bouquet creations she makes for her clients, in order to showcase the flowers and her skills, which will hopefully draw more people to order something they haven't seen before. During what time of day are the bouquet creations posts most successful?|It does not matter what time they are posted
Imra has started a Flower of the Week post, to help educate her followers about the different types of flowers out in the world. Unfortunately, engagement has been pretty low. Which options below could improve engagement? (Choose all that apply)|Post on a different platform$Post at a different time or day$Add a link to the website
Imra noticed a jump in new followers on Instagram on May 28. What could be a reasonable cause of that?|The "How to: Tend Summer Garden" story was shared many times
In honor of Fair Trade Day on May 13, Imra wanted to create some content to raise awareness around fair trade flower farms. Take a look at the blog post promotions from May 11, 12, and 13. What could be a lesson to take into future posts?|Including a video creates higher web traffic
What is the importance of including a mention (@) of the account or publication where Imra found the articles to her posts?|It alerts the original poster that something they created has been shared, so that they and their audience become aware of and can engage with Calla & Ivy.
Imra makes a note of the important holidays throughout the month of May which might prompt her customers to purchase her flowers. For each holiday, she has planned a post for Facebook with a link to her website and a purchase page. Which holiday post was most successful with engagement?|Mother's Day
Considering that Calla & Ivy's audience is on Instagram during the early- to mid-afternoon, how is Imra doing on her posting schedule?|Pretty good! Most posts are between that time, but Calla & Ivy is still seeing good engagement from posts outside of the time frame.
Which platform has the highest engagement for Calla & Ivy?|Facebook
Please be sure to expand the "Instructions" tab shown above to access the content calendar needed to answer each question. Take a look at Imra's blog post promotions. Which two posts created the most readership on the website, and what insight would that give her for writing future blog posts? (Choose two)|The personal story post created a lot of traffic; include more personal stories in future blog posts to create more of a personal connection.$The Fair Trade Day post created high engagement; write more blog posts around sustainability and worker concerns.
Imra has started a Flower of the Week post, to help educate her followers about the different types of flowers out in the world. Unfortunately, engagement has been pretty low. Which options below could improve engagement? (Choose all that apply)|Post at a different time or day$Add a link to the website$Post on a different platform
Imra has started sharing articles to Twitter she thinks her audience may find useful, but engagement hasn't been great. You notice that she hasn't been including a mention (@) of the account or publication where she found the articles to her posts. Why is that a concern?|It doesn't alert the original poster that something they created has been shared, so that they and their audience become aware of and can engage with Calla & Ivy.
Since Calla & Ivy is a small business, and loves to support and work with the small businesses in the city, Imra has started featuring businesses in the neighborhood and how Calla & Ivy works with them through her Local Business Feature posts. What could be the reason for the high impression rate?|The posts are being shared many times
Considering that Calla & Ivy's audience is on Facebook during the mid- to late-afternoon, how is Imra doing on her posting schedule?|Pretty good! Most posts are between that time, but Calla & Ivy is still seeing good engagement from posts outside of the time frame.
Calla & Ivy is going to be hosting some summer classes on floral arrangement, and Imra has posted twice about it, once on May 20 and once on May 27. What are some ways that Imra can gain more audience members for future promotional posts? (Choose all that apply)|Include all the information, such as class titles, descriptions, and dates.$Post on a different platform.
Imra started posting "How to" Instagram stories for various topics and noticed that her followers were very interested in these, based on the number of shares and impressions. She is planning her next "How to" Instagram story videos for the following month, and wants to use her insights to determine which topics her followers would most be interested in. Which topic should she choose?|Home Gardening
Imra has started sharing articles to Twitter she thinks her audience may find useful. What is something that Imra should keep in mind when reposting articles written by other people?|Imra should remember to mention (@) the account or publication where she found the articles
Which platform has the lowest engagement for Calla & Ivy, and could use more strategy for improvement?|Twitter
Imra noticed a jump in new followers on Facebook on May 11. What could be a reasonable cause of that?|The Fair Trade Day content blog post on May 11
Calla & Ivy is going to be hosting some summer classes on floral arrangement, and Imra has posted twice about it, once on May 20 and once on May 27. What could be the reason why the second post led to more sign-ups?|There was more information in the post
Imra wanted to broadcast the local Tulip Fest, on May 2, 3, and 9, to her followers in the hopes that it would boost engagement. She chose to use Insta Live video to show her audience the festival as it was happening. What could be a lesson to take into future posts?|Remind followers about the live video before it happens
Which of the following is a social media platform that Calla & Ivy hasn't used yet and should expand?|Pinterest
Considering that Calla & Ivy's audience is on Twitter during the late afternoon and evening, how is Imra doing on her posting schedule?|She is doing okay. Imra needs to adjust some of her posting times.
Imra has started a Flower of the Week post on Twitter, to help educate her followers about the different types of flowers out in the world. Is Twitter the best platform for this type of post?|No
Calla & Ivy is going to be hosting some summer classes on floral arrangement. What are some ways that Imra can encourage customers to engage with the promotion posts for the classes? Choose two.|Include all the information, such as class titles, descriptions, and dates.$Include a video.
Please be sure to expand the "Instructions" tab shown above to access the content calendar needed to answer each question.  Take a look at Imra’s blog post promotions. Which post had the least readership on the website, and what insight would that give her for writing future blog posts? (Choose one)|Seasonal flowers post had the least engagement; observe the qualities of posts that do well and edit your seasonal flower posts going forward.
Imra has started posting about the bouquet creations she makes for her clients, in order to showcase the flowers and her skills, which will hopefully draw more people to order something they haven’t seen before. Which bouquet creations posts are receiving lower engagement?|Bouquet creations featuring only images
Imra has started a Flower of the Week post, to help educate her followers about the different types of flowers out in the world. However, these posts are seeing very low engagement. What could be a reasonable cause of the low engagement?|She is using the wrong platform
Imra noticed a jump in new followers on Instagram on May 10. What could be a reasonable cause of that?|The Insta Live at the Festival on May 9 had many impressions
Imra has started a Flower of the Week post, to help educate her followers about the different types of flowers out in the world. Unfortunately, engagement has been pretty low. Which options below could improve engagement? (Choose all that apply)|Add a link to the website$Post at a different time or day$Post on a different platform
