Let's say you have a surfboard business that you're promoting an Instagram post for. Most of your work is custom, so you need to talk with customers before they order. Your promoted post should direct them towards:|Your Direct Messages
Let's say you're advertising a new video game on Instagram. You want your ads to be seen by people with similar interests as your current followers, but limit the age range to people under 35. Which advertising targeting option should you use?|Create Your Own Audience
True or false? A good Instagram Story ad typically consists of one long scene rather than multiple short scenes.|False
Which of the following statements are true about Instagram Stories Ads? (Select all that apply)|Stories have an intimate and personal feel that allows people to be more immersed and in the moment.$Stories on Instagram give you an immersive, full-screen vertical format to bring your business to life.
You just opened a thrift store in your town and are looking to utilize your Facebook Business page to reach people around your brick-and-mortar business. Which Facebook Ads Manager objective should you choose?|Promote Your Business Locally
Let's say you own an online specialty kitchenwares store. You want to get more people to sign up for your new newsletter that gives cooking techniques and highlights new products. Which Facebook Ads Manager objective should you choose for your campaign?|Get More Leads
Theresa wants to run an ad on Instagram to promote her new pet care store. As she sets up her ad, she is asked to determine her target audience. She'd like her ad to reach people like those who already follow her business account. Which of the following options should she choose?|Automatic
Your business is hoping to get in contact with more of their customers directly. In order to achieve that goal, what should they do?|Include a CTA Send Message button on an ad
What action would a business want its customers to take if it selects "Promote Your Page" as its campaign objective when creating an ad on Facebook?|Like their page
Let's say you have a catering business that you're promoting an Instagram post for. There are too many tiered catering options for you to list on Instagram, so you need to direct customers to a separate page. Your promoted post should direct them towards:|Your Website
Let's say you're advertising on Instagram for the life insurance division of a major company. You want your ads to be seen by people in the American Northeast over the age 50. Which advertising targeting option should you use?|Create Your Own Audience
True or false? After creating an ad, you submit it for review to make sure that it meets Instagram's Advertising Policies.|True
True or False: Facebook Ads Manager allows you to set an ad duration and a budget for your campaign.|True
Let's say you own a sporting goods store. You decide to boost a pre-existing post as an ad to create more awareness around your business and increase online visibility for your business. Which success metric should you track to determine whether your ad was successful?|Post engagement number
True or false? When creating an ad on Facebook, you can target specific demographics, interests or behaviors.|True
Which Facebook campaign objective should be selected to generate sales on a website or app?|Conversions
What action would a business want its customers to take if it selects "Boost A Post" as its campaign objective when creating an ad on Facebook?|Like a post
Let's say you run a shop in Atlanta that sells disc golf equipment . You haven't started your online store yet so you want to drive people to your physical location. Which Facebook Ads Manager objective should you choose?|Promote Your Business Locally
Which success metric should you monitor if you choose the ad object "Promote Your App" for your Facebook business page?|Number of app downloads
What action would a business want its customers to take if it selects "Get More Website Purchases" as its campaign objective when creating an ad on Facebook?|Make a purchase
What action would a business want its customers to take if it selects "Get More Website Purchases" as its campaign objective when creating an ad on Facebook?|Make a purchase
To keep your stories dynamic, you should:|Strategically deploy speed$Break them into multiple scenes
True or false? Engagement rates are higher for Instagram stories without sound, as people frequently watch them muted.|False
You start a Facebook Business Page and want to run an ad to increase people’s awareness of your business and get more Page likes. Which Facebook Ads Manager objective should you choose?|Promote Your Page
True or false? Once you've set a specific goal for your business that you'd like your Facebook ad to help you achieve, the next step is to choose the promotion or ad objective that matches your business goal.|True
