You're looking to do visuals-first advertising online. Your go-to social media platform should be:|Instagram
You are a fashion brand looking to create an immediate avenue for shopping. Your go-to social media platform would be:|Instagram
Microsoft's "Guidelines for Successful Blogging" are not in Microsoft's official Employee Handbook, but the rules are manageable and understandable. Which of the following is part of "Microsoft's Blogging Policy & Guidelines"? (Select all that apply.)|Make friends with your corporate communications department and learn how to work with them$Respect existing confidentiality agreements
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Consumers today expect brands to be present on their favorite social media platforms.|True
Of the three core values that a social media policy should achieve, which category does the following statement fit in? "Nordstrom encourages participation by reinforcing that employees will be compensated for their work."|A social media policy must empower its employees
Is the following a quality of a website or a blog? The writing is often more informal|Blog
Which benefit of blogging is the following an example of? When a business creates quality key-word rich blog posts frequently, it gives search engines fresh content to add to its database|Search Engine Optimization
Which of the following is a soft skill?|Leadership
You're looking to advertise specifically to teens. Your go-to social media platform should be:|TikTok
Which of the following are good general guidelines for a corporate blog? Select all that apply.|Blog posts must respect copyright, privacy, fair use, financial disclosure, and other applicable laws$Blog posts should not disclose any information that is confidential or proprietary to the company
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: Now more than ever, brands must engage with the customers through social media.|True
Of the three core values that a social media policy should achieve, which category does the following statement fit in? "Nordstrom makes it clear that employees can be held legally responsible for what they post, so they should make sure that they stay within the company guidelines. "|A social media policy must guard against legal risks to the organization
Which part of your LinkedIn profile should be your virtual elevator pitch?|Summary
You're looking to do mainly B2B (business to business) marketing and to post job applications. Your go-to social media platform should be:|LinkedIn
IBM works with employee bloggers, training them to advance the company's goals and corporate reputation. Which of the following is part of "IBM's Blogging Policy & Guidelines"? (Select all that apply)|IBMers are personally responsible for their posts. Be mindful that what you write will be public for a long time — protect your privacy.$You must make it clear that you are speaking for yourself and not on behalf of IBM.
Of the three core values that a social media policy should achieve, which category does the following statement fit in? "Nordstrom referred to company guidelines that can help employees to represent the company in a way that doesn't harm the brand"|A social media policy must protect the brand
Is the following a quality of a website or a blog? There is a transactional functionality.|Website
Which benefit of blogging is the following an example of? Posting valuable content consistently helps elevate a company as a trusted resource within their industry leading to more visitors, more potential customers and more sales.|Build credibility
Is the following a quality of a website or a blog? The content is not interactive|Website
Determine whether the following statement is true or false: It is mandatory to fill out the Skills & Accomplishments section of your LinkedIn profile.|False
All of the following social media data can help you determine your target audience except:|Page visitors' social security numbers
