What feature is unique to Instagram Stories and Facebook Stories?|Content disappears after 24 hours
What is the primary goal of a Facebook group?|A space to communicate about shared interests with certain people on Facebook
Which of the following statements are true about Instagram Stories Ads? (Select two)|Stories on Instagram give you an immersive, full-screen vertical format to bring your business to life.$Stories have an intimate and personal feel that allows people to be more immersed and in the moment.
What is a similarity between a boosted post and Facebook ad?|Both require budget to be shared with a wider audience
Which two types of posts can be boosted on Facebook? (Select two)|Special offers$Events organized by the business
What is the first step required to establish a business presence on Facebook?|Create a page
Which Facebook roles are able to manage an ad account? (Choose two)|Advertiser$Administrator
When can you include a dedicated link to your landing page?|When you create an ad
When you begin a new campaign on Ads Manager, what is the first step in the process?|Align your marketing goal with a campaign objective
You want to set a maximum bid amount for individual actions like link clicks and landing page views. What should you create?|Facebook ad
If your goal is to generate sales on your website, which campaign objective should you select?|Sales
If you select Traffic as your campaign objective, what are you hoping your audience will do?|Visit your website
What are the benefits of Meta Pixel? (Choose two)|Helps advertisers reach the right people$Measures the results of an ad across devices
Which two ad placement options are available on Instagram? (Choose two)|Feed$Stories
What is a valid reason that an ad would be rejected by Meta?|The ad contained sexually suggestive images.
On a Facebook Page, in which two places can a business see reporting for boosted posts? (Choose two)|Page Insights$Page post
Which part of the total value ad auction equation tells you how much an advertiser is willing to pay to achieve their desired outcome?|Advertiser Bid
A retailer is opening a new store and wants to optimize towards generating more physical store visits by creating strong awareness in the local population. Which objective should the retailer apply?|Awareness
A brand has a new goal to get more people to see, share, like and comment on individual posts on Facebook and Instagram. Which campaign objective is appropriate for this brand?|Engagement
A quick service restaurant client is launching a new delivery service and wants to build awareness of the service to a large number of people. The client wants to launch a campaign that reaches people ages 18-34 who are interested in food and dining. The client has two creatives: a ThruPlay video and a 6-second video. Which objective and placements should the client use?|Awareness objective on Instagram Stories, Instagram feed and Facebook feed
Where can an advertiser create a Custom Audience or Lookalike Audience?|Audiences
Which audience creation tool should be used to create an audience of people who have signed up for a business's newsletter?|Custom Audience
A business only has high-quality photos as creative assets. It's interested in testing video ads but doesn't have resources to create them. What solution should the business try?|Slideshow
A business set up a campaign. During the process, it tested different placements and observed a higher estimated total reach when it selected automatic placements. What caused this result?|Advantage+ Placements more efficiently allocated the ad set budget.
Which of the following ad account settings helps you control your total ad costs and will pause your ads after a certain spending limit is reached?|Account Spending Limit
Which variable in a split test compares how your ad performs with a video asset versus an image carousel, or with any other differentiation in ad-level adjustments?|Creative
In which major section of Ads Manager (found in the top navigation bar) would you prepare mockup ad campaigns?|Advertise
Which KPI estimates how many people would remember seeing your ad if they were asked within two days?|Estimated Ad Recall Lift
Which data protection law was specifically designed to protect children?|COPPA
Which interface can be used to set up a Facebook ad campaign?|Ads Manager
As a business owner, you'd like to set up a presence on a social media platform where you can post videos and images as well as update customers on upcoming sales, new products, and events. Which of the following would be an ideal platform?|Facebook
What is the minimum criteria a company must meet to receive the "very responsive to messages" badge?|A response rate of at least 90% and a response time of less than 15 minutes
What is a benefit of using a Facebook ad instead of a regular Page post?|Facebook ads can reach a more specific audience
What can a boosted post help an advertiser achieve?|Increase engagement on Page content
Which advertising tool on Facebook implements the simplest, and least detailed, way to create a Facebook ad?|Advertising from your Page
In what order is an advertising campaign created in Ads Manager?|Campaign, Ad Set, Ad
Which bid strategy limits what Meta can bid in every single auction?|Bid Cap
A brand launches a new website and wants to encourage people to visit it. What should the brand select first to create the campaign?|The appropriate campaign objective
You recently installed the Meta Pixel on your company's website. At what level should you choose the conversion event optimization?|Ad set
Which two ad placement options are available on Instagram? (Choose two)|Stories$Feed
You design an ad campaign for a weight-loss product with "before and after" pictures. Is Meta likely to reject this campaign for violating its Ad Policies?|Yes
An online store wants to build a database of customer information but it does not have the Meta Pixel installed. Which campaign objective meets this business goal?|Leads
Which element is required to create a Custom Audience from website visitors?|Meta Pixel
If a business wants to retarget customers who previously purchased an item from its website, what audience type should it use?|Custom Audience
A business wants to sell products online. What ad format clearly displays both a video and a product?|Collection
True or False: You must have a lifetime budget selected in order to set a specific ad set schedule (i.e. one with specified days and times).|True
In which major section of Ads Manager (found in the top navigation bar) could you learn more about why Meta might have rejected your ad?|Manage Business
A candy company creates a campaign to increase sales of its candies through its website. Which metric should the company use to evaluate the success of the campaign?|Sales
What can public figures, businesses, brands, organizations and nonprofits create on Facebook to establish a presence and connect with an audience?|Page
Which of the following statements are true about Instagram Stories Ads? (Select two)|Stories have an intimate and personal feel that allows people to be more immersed and in the moment.$Stories on Instagram give you an immersive, full-screen vertical format to bring your business to life.
How can a business increase the reach of an organic post on its Page without creating a campaign in Ads Manager?|Boost the post
What must you do first in order to establish a business presence on Instagram?|Switch a personal profile to a business profile
Which role for managing your Facebook page is the lowest class of permissioning and has access to audience data?|Analyst
Which feature is available for an unpaid (organic) post on a Page?|Add a video
What is the structure of an Ad Campaign, as set through Ads Manager?|Campaign --> ad set --> ad
Which type of budget in Ads Manager lets you control how much money you spend on each ad set?|Ad Set budget
What is the main difference between the Traffic and Sales objectives?|The Traffic objective optimizes for clicks, while the Sales objective optimizes for actions.
What are the benefits of Meta Pixel? (Choose two)|Measures the results of an ad across devices$Helps advertisers reach the right people
An advertiser wants to get a high-level view of how all of their campaigns are performing. Which level of Ads Manager should they view to see these results?|Ad account level
An advertiser is about to deliver a campaign. Where should the advertiser navigate to in Ads Manager to include Instagram in the campaign?|Ad account level
A bank releases a mobile banking app and wants to increase app downloads with its new customers. Which campaign objective should the bank use?|App Promotion
A business wants to acquire new customers and increase sales. Which strategy should the business select?|Create a campaign with the Sales objective
Who do businesses try to reach with a lookalike audience?|People who have a similar profile to an existing audience
Which type of major ad placement places your ads before, during or after video content?|In-Stream
What's the difference between reach and impressions?|Impressions refers to how many times an ad appeared on a screen. Reach is an estimate of how many people saw an ad
Which of the following are GDPR data protection obligations for companies who collect data? (Select three)|Companies must designate people whose job it is to protect the data they receive$Companies must alert people within 72 hours if their personal data was leaked$Companies are prohibited from collecting certain data categories (like ethnicity or sexual orientation)
Which two types of posts can be boosted on Facebook? (Select two)|Events organized by the business$Special offers
A business decides to close its store early during the holidays and wants to make sure its customers are made aware organically. What should the business create?|A Page post
What action would a business want its customers to take if it selects Sales as its campaign objective?|Make a purchase
Where is the pixel installed?|Business website
What are two benefits of selecting Advantage+ Placements?|It gives the ad delivery systems increased flexibility to find the best results$It typically generates the most efficient use of budget and helps control costs
On a Facebook Page, in which two places can a business see reporting for boosted posts? (Choose two)|Page post$Page Insights
Which part of the total value ad auction equation tells you the numerical score Meta assigns to an ad through the auction?|Total Value
A retail business is launching a new shoe line with eight different style and color combinations. All styles must be shown to the audience. However, the business isn't sure which products will sell best. The business wants to link each style page directly to the product to receive pixel information. Which ad format should the retailer use to meet these requirements?"|Carousel
What is an advantage of using the slideshow format instead of video when designing an ad for mobile?|It works well in areas with limited connectivity
What are three primary uses of a Facebook Page? (Choose three)|Connect with potential employees$Connect with customers$Share videos
Which Facebook roles are able to manage an ad account? (Choose two)|Administrator$Advertiser
What is a valid reason that an ad would be rejected by Meta?|An image within the ad focused on individual body parts
In order to access the ad scheduling feature in Ads Manager, which setting must you select?|Lifetime budget
A business wants to forecast the reach of their ad set. Which tool should an advertiser use to perform this task?|Estimated daily results
Which of the following are GDPR citizen rights? (Select three)|Citizens have the right to correct their information$Citizens have the right to have all the information that was collected and saved about them erased$Citizens have the right to access the personal information received about them
